updated kubeadm certificate page misleading example (#38258)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/kubeadm-init.md

The following phase command can be used to re-upload the certificates after expiration:

```shell
kubeadm init phase upload-certs --upload-certs --config=SOME_YAML_FILE
```
{{< note >}}

> The certificateKey can be passed in [InitConfiguration with `--config`] (https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/config-api/kubeadm-config.v1beta3/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A predefined `certificateKey` can be provided in `InitConfiguration` when passing the [configuration file](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/config-api/kubeadm-config.v1beta3/) with `--config`.
```

{{< /note >}}

> If the flag `--certificate-key` is not passed to `kubeadm init` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the flag certificate key is not passed to `kubeadm init` and
```

`kubeadm init phase upload-certs` a new key will be generated automatically.

> 

Reviewer: please remove these two new lines
